feat: propagate `contentSecurityPolicy.useDefaults` through to helmet (#184)
fastify/fastify-helmet: README.md

```

### Disable Default `helmet` Directives

> By default, `helmet` will set [a default set of CSP directives](https://github.com/helmetjs/helmet/tree/main/middlewares/content-security-policy#content-security-policy-middleware) on the response.
> This behavior can be disabled by setting `useDefaults: false` on the `contentSecurityPolicy` configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, `helmet` will add [a default set of CSP directives](https://github.com/helmetjs/helmet/tree/main/middlewares/content-security-policy#content-security-policy-middleware) to the response.
This behavior can be disabled by setting `useDefaults: false` in the `contentSecurityPolicy` configuration.
```
